KubeCon EU 2024 Blog Post (#3983)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/blog/2024/kubecon-eu.md

---
title: Join us for OpenTelemetry Talks and Activities at KubeCon EU 2024

> linkTitle: KubeCon NA '24

Author: oh wow, how could I miss that! Thanks!!

> linkTitle: KubeCon NA '24

Author: ```suggestion
linkTitle: KubeCon EU '24
```

  by Pavol Loffay, Red Hat & Jonah Kowall, Aiven<br> Wednesday, March 20 •
  12:10 - 12:45
- **[Disintegrated Telemetry: The Pains of Monitoring Asynchronous Workflows](https://sched.co/1YeNV)**<br>
  by Johannes Tax, Grafana Labs<br> Wednesday, March 20 • 16:30 - 17:05
- **[From RUM to Front-End Observability with OpenTelemetry](https://sched.co/1YeOH)**<br>
  by Purvi Kanal, Honeycomb<br> Thursday, March 21 • 11:00 - 11:35
- **[Tutorial: Exploring the Power of Distributed Tracing with OpenTelemetry on Kubernetes](https://sched.co/1YePA)**<br>
  by Pavol Loffay & Benedikt Bongartz, Red Hat; Matej Gera, Coralogix; Anthony
  Mirabella, AWS; Anusha Reddy Narapureddy, Apple<br> Thursday, March 21 •
  14:30 - 16:00
- **[Prometheus and OpenTelemetry: Better Together](https://sched.co/1YePz)**<br>
  by Adriana Villela, ServiceNow Cloud Observability & Reese Lee, New Relic<br>
  Thursday, March 21 • 16:30 - 17:05
- **[Observable Feature Rollouts with OpenTelemetry and OpenFeature](https://sched.co/1YeSC)**<br>
  by Daniel Dyla & Michael Beemer, Dynatrace<br> Friday, March 22 • 16:00 -
  16:35

## Co-located Events

> [Observability Day][] _fosters collaboration, discussion, and knowledge sharing

Author: ```suggestion
_[Observability Day][] fosters collaboration, discussion, and knowledge sharing
```

- **[Shift Into an Observability Mindset with OpenTelemetry](https://sched.co/1YFjB)**<br>
  by Daniel Gomez Blanco, Skyscanner<br> Tuesday, March 19th • 15:45 - 16:15
- **[⚡ Lightning Talk: Federated Search Over Distributed Observability Data](https://sched.co/1YFjC)**<br>
  by Kalyan Kolachala, Intuit<br> Tuesday, March 19th • 15:55 - 16:00
- **[⚡ Lightning Talk: Application Security Through the Lens of OpenTelemetry - Yosef Arbiv, Outshift by Cisco](https://sched.co/1YFf5)**<br>
  by Kalyan Kolachala, Intuit<br> Tuesday, March 19th • 16:05 - 16:10
- **[Lazy Robots: Telemetry Buffering on Android](https://sched.co/1YFk3)**<br>
  by Cesar Munoz, Elastic & Jason Plumb, Splunk<br> Tuesday, March 19th •
  17:00 - 17:25
- **[OpAMP in Action: User Configurable Observability Pipelines](https://sched.co/1YFk6)**<br>
  by Srikanth Chekuri, SigNoz<br> Tuesday, March 19th • 17:00 - 17:25

{{% alert title="Important access note" color="danger" %}}

You need an _in-person all-access_ pass for on-site access to **Observability
Day**. For details, see [KubeCon registration][]. If you have a virtual ticket,
you will be able to follow **Observability Day** through a live stream.

{{% /alert %}}

> ## OpenTelemetry Observatory

Reviewer: I know we're still shaping up the feedback sessions at the observatory, but is this something we want to mention here @open-telemetry/end-user-wg ?

Reviewer 2: @danielgblanco most definitely - I added some suggestions around that

Drop by and say _"Hi!"_ at OpenTelemetry Observatory presented by Splunk in the
Expo Hall. This will be a place for informal chats, meetups, and other
discussions led by OpenTelemetry community members and maintainers. If you’d
like to participate and lead a discussion or short presentation, please reach

> out to the OpenTelemetry End User Working Group to indicate your interest.

Author: ```suggestion
out to the [OpenTelemetry End User Working Group](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C01RT3MSWGZ) to indicate your interest.
```

Drop by and say _"Hi!"_ at the OpenTelemetry project booth in the KubeCon NA
Project Pavilion. If you’re lucky, you may even pick up some OpenTelemetry swag.

[Pavilion hours](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/program/project-opportunities/)
for all projects during KubeCon are as follows:

- Wednesday, March 20th • 10:45 - 20:00 (includes KubeCrawl + Cloud NativeFest
  from 18:00 - 20:00)
- Thursday, March 21th • 10:30 - 17:00
- Friday, March 22th • 10:30 - 14:30

_Please note, that we will use the flexibility to choose our own hosting hours.
This is only a general guidance._

You can help us improve the project by sharing your thoughts and feedback about
your OpenTelemetry adoption, implementation, and usage. We will create action
items from your comments as appropriate. Check [#otel-user-research][] in CNCF's
Slack instance for results and action item updates to come after KubeCon EU.

## OpenTelemetry Observatory

In addition to our booth at the Project Pavilion, please visit the OpenTelemetry
Observatory presented by Splunk in the Expo Hall! This will be a place for
informal chats, meetups, and other discussions led by OpenTelemetry community

> members and maintainers. If you’d like to participate and lead a discussion or

Reviewer 2: @svrnm we'll actually be posting a schedule and sign-ups for the various sessions. We can link to these directly from the blog post.

Author: awesome, share the links with me when you have them. We can also add them in after publishing the blog post

Reviewer 2: Perfect! Hope to have somthing to you this week!

---

> title: Join us for OpenTelemetry Talks and Activities at KubeCon EU 2024

Author: ```suggestion
title: Join us for OpenTelemetry Talks and Activities at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe 2024
```

linkTitle: KubeCon EU '24
date: 2024-02-28
# prettier-ignore
cSpell:ignore: Aiven Alexandre Anusha Arbiv Beemer Benedikt Blanco Bongartz Chekuri Coralogix Cosmonic Dyrmishi Jiekun Joonas Kanal Kolachala Kowall Machado Magno Marcin Matej Mirabella Narapureddy Nenashev Oleg Oluwalolope Outshift Pismo Purvi Quwan Reddy Ridwan Rollouts Ryanair Skyscanner Sodkiewicz Soluções Srikanth Tecnológicas Yosef
author: '[Severin Neumann](https://github.com/svrnm) (Cisco)'
---

The OpenTelemetry project maintainers, members of the governance committee, and

> technical committee are thrilled to be at [KubeCon EU][] in Paris from March

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
technical committee are thrilled to be at [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe][] in Paris from March
```

Reviewer 3: "KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe" is the actual name of the conference :-)

Reviewer 3: Should we also include Observability Day, co-located with KubeCon?

Author: Good call out! Yes, we can have Observability Day as well

Author: ```suggestion
technical committee are thrilled to be at [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe][] and at the co-located [Observability Day](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/co-located-events/observability-day/) in Paris from March
```
